[RLlib; docs] RLlib documentation do-over (new API stack): Main index page. (#48285)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/index.rst

      allows you to scale the speed of your (simulator) data collection step.
      This `EnvRunner` axis is fully **fault tolerant**, meaning you can train against
      custom environments that are unstable or frequently stall execution and even place all
      your `EnvRunner` actors on spot machines.

    - The number of :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.learner.Learner` actors to use for **multi-GPU training**.
      This is configurable through ``config.learners(num_learners=...)`` and you normally
      set this to the number of GPUs available (make sure you then also set
      ``config.learners(num_gpus_per_learner=1)``) or - if you do not have GPUs - you can
      use this setting for **DDP-style learning on CPUs** instead.

.. dropdown:: **Multi-Agent (MARL)**
    :animate: fade-in-slide-down

    RLlib natively supports multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL), thereby allowing you to run
    in any complex configuration.

    - **Independent** multi-agent learning (the default): Every agent collects data for updating its own
      policy network, interpreting other agents as part of the environment.

>     - **Collaborative** training: Train a team of agents that either all share the same policy (shared parameters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Collaborative** training: Train a team of agents that either all share the same policy  with shared parameters,
```

>       or in which some agents have their own policy network(s). You can also share value functions between all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      or in which some agents have their own policy networks. You can also share value functions between all
```

>       members of the team or some of them, as you see fit, thus allowing for global vs local objectives to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      members of the team or some of them, as appropriate, allowing the optimization of global versus local objectives.
```

>       optimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - **Adversarial** training: Have agents play against other agents in competitive environments. Use self-play,

>       or league based self-play to train your agents to learn how to play throughout various stages of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      or league-based self-play to train your agents to learn how to play throughout various stages of
```

      ever increasing difficulty.

>     - **Any combination of the above!** Yes, you can train teams of arbitrary sizes of agents playing against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Any combination of the above** You can train teams of arbitrary sizes of agents playing against
```

>       other teams where the agents in each team might have individual sub-objectives and there are groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      other teams where the agents in each team might have individual sub-objectives and groups
```

      of neutral agents not participating in any competition.

.. dropdown:: **Offline RL**
    :animate: fade-in-slide-down

>     **Ray.Data** has been integrated into RLlib, enabling **large-scale data ingestion** for offline RL and behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Ray.Data** is integrated into RLlib, enabling **large-scale data ingestion** for offline RL and behavior
```

    cloning (BC) workloads.

>     See here for a basic `tuned example for the behavior cloning algo <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/tuned_examples/bc/cartpole_bc.py>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See this basic `tuned example for the behavior cloning algo <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/tuned_examples/bc/cartpole_bc.py>`__
```

>     and here for how to `pre-train a policy with BC, then finetuning it with online PPO <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/offline_rl/train_w_bc_finetune_w_ppo.py>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and this example that `pre-trains a policy with BC, then fine-tunes it with online PPO <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/offline_rl/train_w_bc_finetune_w_ppo.py>`__.
```

            Algorithms

Customizing RLlib
-----------------

> RLlib provides powerful, yet easy to use APIs for customizing all aspects of your experimental- and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RLlib provides powerful, yet easy to use APIs for customizing all aspects of your experimental and
```

> production training-workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
production training workflows.
```

For example, you may code your own `environments <rllib-env.html#configuring-environments>`__

> in python using the `Farama Foundation's gymnasium <https://farama.org>`__ or DeepMind's OpenSpiel,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Python using the `Farama Foundation's gymnasium <https://farama.org>`__ or DeepMind's OpenSpiel,
```

provide custom `PyTorch models <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/rl_modules/custom_cnn_rl_module.py>`_,
write your own `optimizer setups and loss definitions <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/learners/custom_loss_fn_simple.py>`__,
or define custom `exploratory behavior <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/curiosity/count_based_curiosity.py>`_.

.. figure:: images/rllib-new-api-stack-simple.svg
    :align: left
    :width: 850

>     **RLlib's API stack:** Built on top of Ray, RLlib offers off-the-shelf, distributed and fault-tolerant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **RLlib's API stack:** Built on top of Ray, RLlib offers off-the-shelf, distributed, and fault-tolerant
```

    algorithms and loss functions, PyTorch default models, multi-GPU training, and multi-agent support.

>     User customizations are realized by subclassing the existing abstractions and - by overriding certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Define custom behavior by subclassing the existing abstractions and overriding certain
```

>     methods in those subclasses - define custom behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    methods in those subclasses.
```
